Updated README (#47)
gurkult/gurkbot: README.md

# Gurkbot

The official bot for [**THE GURKULT OPEN SOURCE COMMUNITY - DISCORD SERVER**](https://bit.ly/Gurkult-Discord).

---

## Contribute

> If you want to contribute, report a problem, add or suggest a new fix or feature, you can [open a new issue](https://github.com/gurkult/gurkbot/issues/new/choose). We generally discourage you to [open a new pull request](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) because it will break our workflow. For those who want to contribute, see [Dev Installation](#Dev-Installation).

Author: Does the wording make sense now @vivax3794 ?

---

## Discord Setup

To get a **token**, go to [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications). Create an application and add a bot.

## Dev Installation

1. Traditional way: `git clone <url>`.
   Using Github CLI: `gh repo clone gurkult/gurkbot`. Then navigate to the directory `cd gurkbot/`
2. Create a new branch by `git branch -b <name of new local branch> main` or `git switch -c <name of new local branch> main`. Make sure the new branch name is related to the feature or the fix you have in mind.

3. Create a `.env` file with following contents:

   ```text
   TOKEN = <Your token> # See Discord Setup above
   PREFIX = "!" # the prefix the bot should use, will default to "!" if this is not present

> 

Reviewer: you forgot to close this code block

4. Install pipenv: `pip install pipenv` and run the following:

   ```sh
   # This will install the development and project dependencies.
   pipenv sync --dev

   # This will install the pre-commit hooks.
   pipenv run precommit

   # Optionally: run pre-commit hooks to initialize them.
   pipenv run lint
   
   # Run the bot
   pipenv run start

>    ```

Reviewer 2: Maybe you can show how to lint the code ( `piping run lint` )

Author: you mean `pipenv run lint`

Reviewer 2: Yeah, stupid autocorrect.

# Gurkbot

> The official bot for [**THE GURKULT OPEN SOURCE COMMUNITY - DISCORD SERVER**](https://bit.ly/Gurkult-Discord).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The official bot for [the Gurkult](https://gurkult.com/discord) — an open source community with the aim of bringing people together.
```
This looks a bit less frightening imo.

---

## Contribute

If you want to contribute, report a problem, add or suggest a new fix or feature, you can either [open a new issue](https://github.com/gurkult/gurkbot/issues/new/choose) or [open a new pull request](https://github.com/gurkult/gurkbot/compare). For those who want to contribute, see [Dev Installation](#Dev-Installation).

---

## Discord Setup

To get a **token**, go to [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications). Create an application and add a bot.

## Dev Installation

1. Traditional way: `git clone <url>`.
   Using Github CLI: `gh repo clone gurkult/gurkbot`. Then navigate to the directory `cd gurkbot/`

> 2. Create a new branch by `git branch -b <name of new branch> main` or `git switch -c <name of new branch>`. Make sure the new branch name is related to feature or fix you have in mind.

Reviewer 2: You can just use `git checkout -b <branchname>`

Author: Uh no. This is to make sure the new branch is based off from the `main` branch.

# Gurkbot

The official bot for [**THE GURKULT OPEN SOURCE COMMUNITY - DISCORD SERVER**](https://bit.ly/Gurkult-Discord).

---

## Contribute

> If you want to contribute, report a problem, add or suggest a new fix or feature, you can either [open a new issue](https://github.com/gurkult/gurkbot/issues/new/choose) or [open a new pull request](https://github.com/gurkult/gurkbot/compare). For those who want to contribute, see [Dev Installation](#Dev-Installation).

Reviewer: generally there should always be a issue before a pr

Author: thanks for pointing out some mistakes. but i think there is a high chance this PR will be closed without getting merged because @gustavwilliam will want to write the README on his own.

Author: > generally there should always be a issue before a pr

there is. issue #43

Reviewer: I meant the wording makes it sound like opening a issue is optional
> you can ***either*** open a new issue ***or*** open a new pull request

Author: ah alright

Author: @vivax3794 What do u think? I rephrased it so people get discouraged opening a pull request.

Reviewer 3: > i think there is a high chance this PR will be closed without getting merged because @gustavwilliam will want to write the README on his own.
That won't be an issue. I'll work on the contributing guide, but not the README. I'm looking forward to seeing this in action.

---

## Discord Setup

To get a **token**, go to [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications). Create an application and add a bot.

## Dev Installation

1. Traditional way: `git clone <url>`.
   Using Github CLI: `gh repo clone gurkult/gurkbot`. Then navigate to the directory `cd gurkbot/`
2. Create a new branch by `git branch -b <name of new local branch> main` or `git switch -c <name of new local branch> main`. Make sure the new branch name is related to the feature or the fix you have in mind.

3. Create a `.env` file with following contents:

   ```text
   TOKEN = <Your token> # See Discord Setup above
   PREFIX = "!" # the prefix the bot should use, will default to "!" if this is not present

4. Install pipenv: `pip install pipenv` and run the following:

   ```sh
   # This will install the development and project dependencies.
   pipenv sync --dev

   # This will install the pre-commit hooks.

>    pipenv run pre-commit install
> 
>    # Optionally: run pre-commit hooks to initialize them.
>    pipenv run pre-commit run --all-files
> 
>    # Enter pipenv shell.
>    pipenv shell
> 
>    # Run the bot
>    pipenv run python -m bot

Reviewer: these commands have scripts defiend in the Pipfile that makes it easier to run them, it is also not needed  to enter the pipenv shell to start the bot. 
```suggestion
   pipenv run precommit

   # Optionally: run pre-commit hooks to initialize them.
   pipenv run lint
   
   # Run the bot
   pipenv run start
```

# Gurkbot

The official bot for [**THE GURKULT OPEN SOURCE COMMUNITY - DISCORD SERVER**](https://bit.ly/Gurkult-Discord).

---

## Contribute

> If you want to contribute, report a problem, add a fix or want a new feature added, you can either [open a new issue](https://github.com/gurkult/gurkbot/issues/new/choose) or [open a new pull request](https://github.com/gurkult/gurkbot/compare). For those who want to contribute, see [Dev Installation](#Dev-Installation).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you want to contribute, report a problem, add or suggest a new fix or feature, you can either [open a new issue](https://github.com/gurkult/gurkbot/issues/new/choose) or [open a new pull request](https://github.com/gurkult/gurkbot/compare). For those who want to contribute, see [Dev Installation](#Dev-Installation).
```

---

## Discord Setup

To get a **token**, go to [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications). Create an application and add a bot.

## Dev Installation

1. Traditional way: `git clone <url>`.
   Using Github CLI: `gh repo clone gurkult/gurkbot`. Then navigate to the directory `cd gurkbot/`
2. Create a new branch by `git branch -b <name of new branch> main` or `git switch -c <name of new branch>`. Make sure the new branch name is related to feature or fix you have in mind.

3. Create a `.env` file with following contents:

>    ```text
>    TOKEN = <Your token> # See Discord Setup above
>    PREFIX = "!" # the prefix the bot should use, will default to "!" if this is not present
> 
>    ```

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   ```text
   TOKEN = <Your token> # See Discord Setup above
   PREFIX = "!" # the prefix the bot should use, will default to "!" if this is not present
   ```
```
